I love it. It's really addicting, especially with the bots. I can easily talk to my friends on it, voice chat, and even find new people that share the same interests as me. While some people complain at the fact that some bots cost money to gain full access to, I don't mind. I mean, they have to find some way to fund it and make money, right? It didn't even make the bots. People should really be more grateful that they aren't required to use it and that they don't have to spend every minute closing an ad. It is one of the only add free apps that I can use, so I appreciate that also.
Overall, this is a great app. It has it all. Servers for friends? You got it. Voice and FaceTime calls? Yup. Friending system? It's there. Streaming? You can do that. But what I love most about it is the role system in each server and earning them. It really makes you have a great time and stand out online. This is truly a fun experience and a great way to socially interact, even if you don't want to talk about gaming. I feel like it can be for everyone if they give it a try. Setting up an account is super easy. The notification system is also great, you can control what kind of messages you want to receive and what ones you don't want to be notified with. My only complaint is that setting up a server and role permissions for it can be difficult for newcomers. If I play around with it more, maybe I'll get used to it. But other than that, this app is close to perfect. I use the app over the website because it is much easier to navigate than the website. Simply put this is the best way of communication for any devs, gamers, or fans, and even friends and would highly suggest that you get this app
It is an awesome way to stay in touch with friends, as well as make new ones. It's basically like iMessaging but it offers a calling system as well. I personally love this app and I've been using it for about a year now. You can do some exploring and find servers that you like and/or find new interests! As an example I took up knitting as an inspiration to make a gift for an online friend.
Though it does have safety and privacy settings, it is wise to keep your personal information to yourself while talking with online friends. It will not leak your information to any of your friends or anyone at all, so it's entirely up to you if you want to share anything (such as time zones). I don't recommend sharing personal information, especially when you've just met them. Be careful when messaging unknown users. Again, I love it and would definitely recommend it. 
It's amazing to me how user friendly and tech savvy it has become. The developers seem to really love what they do and they present a seamless product. I really love this app to talk with my friends, join new groups and share a laugh. When connecting has become more important than ever, this beautiful app gives just what I'm looking for. It took time to learn how to use it, there are plenty of simple guides on how to catch up. You don't need friends to get online. Although knowing someone in person greatly improves the experience. My favorite feature is that there are NO ADS! Woo! Voice chat is also a great thing. Especially when paired with Among Us. I'm in love with this app. Thanks for all your hard work! The great experience I have is largely due to the fact you put so much effort into building a solid and fun foundation to work with.
I've been using it for years ever since i started role play, and before that, I used it to contact my online friends. it made me overjoyed when it started being used by role players. I honestly love it, it's amazing. you can change it to dark or light mode (i recommend dark, the light is a bright white and it kind of gives you a headache). but this app and this website in general is amazing. there have been ups and downs but i honestly wouldn't want to use anything like groupme, instagram, twitter, kik, amino, chatstep, or anything really over it. yeah, it's just great and it's an amazing app and website. I highly highly recommend it if you'd like to communicate quickly with your friends and having funny little loading screens pop up that are sometimes so stupid that they're funny, and it gives you a little laugh or a small smile and it feels welcoming I guess. but yeah, You're great, keep doing what you're doing.